[docs] Add "Overview" page to Material UI docs (#32643)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/getting-started/overview/overview.md

# Material UI - Overview

> <p class="description">Material UI is library of React UI components that implements Google's Material Design system.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="description">Material UI is library of React UI components that implements Google's Material Design.</p>
```

Maybe we could ditch the _system_ there? As in "Material Design" is the name of the design system, so it would probably need to be "Material Design design system" 😅 Does it make sense?

Reviewer 2: 👍

## Introduction

> Material UI is an open-source React component library that implements [Material Design](https://material.io/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Material UI is an open-source React component library that implements Google's [Material Design](https://material.io/).
```

> Material UI is an open-source React component library that implements Google's [Material Design](https://material.io/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Material UI is an open-source React component library that implements version 2 of Google's [Material Design](https://material.io/).
```

Reviewer 3: We take the risk to forget to update it, with Material UI v6 which would cover Material Design v3 if everything goes smoothly.

If we really want to mention a version, then I think that we should rephrase it, in the current wording, it could sounds like v2 is our ultimate goal. Instead, we could say something around "currently v2". e.g.

```suggestion
Material UI is an open-source React component library that implements Google's [Material Design](https://material.io/).
It currently only supports Material Design v2, see [issue #12134](foo/bar) for the support of Material Design v3.
```

Reviewer: I'm confused about what's the intended direction regarding Material's v3, it doesn't seem to exist alignment in this matter — see https://github.com/mui/material-ui/pull/32643#discussion_r867355637

Author: Alternatively: we could always just leave this out completely if we aren't prepared to say yes or no to v3 adoption. 😅

> It includes a comprehensive collection of prebuilt components that are ready for production right out of the box.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It includes a comprehensive collection of prebuilt components that are ready for use in production right out of the box.
```

```suggestion
It includes a comprehensive collection of prebuilt components that are ready for production use right out of the box.
```

> Material UI is beautiful by default, and it features a suite of customization options that make it easy to implement your own custom design system on top of our components.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Material UI is beautiful by design, and features a suite of customization options that make it easy to implement your own custom design system on top of our components.
```

> 

Reviewer: This is looking excellent, nice work as always, Sam! Guess that my only suggestion would be: should we add a section/paragraph mentioning _which_ version of Material Design we currently implement (which is v2) and what are our plans/perspectives to deal with v3?

Author: Good idea! We can add an info callout. Speaking of which—what is the plan for v3? 😅

Reviewer 2: To mostly ignore it :D

Author: Roger that!

> Material UI is beautiful by design, and features a suite of customization options that make it easy to implement your own custom design system on top of our components.

Reviewer 2: Should we mention and link to Base here? Like "For complete unstyled components check out [MUI Base](/base/getting-started/overview/)."

## Advantages of Material UI

- **Ship faster:** thousands of open-source contributors have poured countless hours into these components. Focus on your core business logic—we've got your UI covered.

> - **Beautiful by default:** we're meticulous about our implementation of Material Design, ensuring that every Material UI component meets the highest standards of form and function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Beautiful by design:** we're meticulous about our implementation of Material Design, ensuring that every Material UI component meets the highest standards of form and function.
```
? (Although I guess "default" hints to the possibility of customising them...)

Author: I like it both ways. I guess I landed on "default" because it suggests that your app will look great even if you don't do any customizing.

> - **Cross-team collaboration:** Material UI's intuitive developer experience reduces the barrier to entry for back-end devs and less technical designers, empowering teams to collaborate more effectively.

Reviewer 2: Should we mention the design kits?

Author: Might as well! This seems like a good place to plug them.

- **Reliability:** Material UI is almost as old as React itself—its history stretches back to 2014—and we're in this for the long haul. When you build with Material UI, you can count on our community's support for years to come.

## Material UI vs. MUI Base

> Material UI and [MUI Base](/base/getting-started/overview/) feature many of the same UI components, but MUI Base does not come with any default styles or styling solutions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Material UI and [MUI Base](/base/getting-started/overview/) feature many of the same UI components, but MUI Base comes without any default styles or styling solution.
```

> Material UI is _comprehensive_ in that it comes packaged with default styles, and is optimized to work with [Emotion](https://emotion.sh/docs/introduction) (or [styled-components](https://styled-components.com/)) as a styling engine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Material UI is _comprehensive_ in that it comes packaged with default styles, and is optimized to work with [Emotion](https://emotion.sh/docs/introduction) (or [styled-components](https://styled-components.com/)).
```
I think it's enough to be implicit.

Reviewer 3: The official optimization of emotion.

```suggestion
Material UI is _comprehensive_ in that it comes packaged with default styles, and is optimized to work with [emotion](https://emotion.sh/docs/introduction) (or [styled-components](https://styled-components.com/)) as a styling engine.
```

Author: > The official optimization of emotion.

Really? They capitalize the name all throughout their docs.

> MUI Base, by contrast, could be considered the "skeletal" or "headless" counterpart to Material UI—in fact, future versions of Material UI will use Base components and hooks for their foundational structure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MUI Base, by contrast, could be considered the "skeletal" or "headless" counterpart to Material UI—in fact, future versions of Material UI will use Base components and hooks under the covers.
```

Reviewer 3: We can already commit to it:

```suggestion
MUI Base, by contrast, could be considered the "skeletal" or "headless" counterpart to Material UI—in fact, Material UI v6 will use MUI Base components and hooks for their foundational structure.
```
